[LLM] Quickstart and how-tos (#2845)
scaleway/docs-content: ai-data/llm-inference/how-to/delete-deployment.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to delete a LLM Inference deployment
  description: This page explains how to deletee a LLM Inference deployment
content:
  h1: How to delete a LLM Inference deployment
  paragraph: This page explains how to deletee a LLM Inference deployment
tags: ai deleteing
dates:
  validation: 2024-03-06
  posted: 2024-03-06
categories:
  - ai-data
---

Once you have finished your inference tasks you can delete your deployment from the Scaleway console.

> <Macro id="iam-requirements" />

Reviewer: This will be replaced with <Macro id="requirements" />

Reviewer: Macro id="requirements"

Author: ```suggestion
<Macro id="requirements" />
```

> <Message type="requirement">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
```

>   - You have a [LLM Inference deployment](/ai-data/llm-inference/quickstart/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - An [LLM Inference deployment](/ai-data/llm-inference/quickstart/)
```

> </Message>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

1. Click **LLM Inference** in the **AI & Data** section of the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com) side menu. A list of your deployments displays.
2. Choose a deployment either by clicking its name or selecting **More info** from the drop-down menu represented by the icon <Icon name="more" /> to access the deployment dashboard.
3. Click the **Settings** tab of your deployment to display additional settings.
4. Click **Delete deployment** to delete your deployment.
5. Type **DELETE** to confirm and click **Delete deployment** to delete your deployment. 
 
<Message type="important">

>   Deleting a deployment will erase all associated data. Exercise caution before proceeding with this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Deleting a deployment is a permanent action and erases all its associated data.
```
